my friends.
Welcome toe fight on skipping for automation Course friends fight on is very popular in
different areas on one of the areas.
Automation.
Let me insure you the different areas in which your fight on its popular.
So you bite on his popular in application development site.
I mean,
like Web application development.
AP a dollop man on some geo application development for your desktops,
right?
And then they die.
Analysis that Donald DEETs.
Artificial intelligence,
you know?
Yeah,
he's very,
very popular.
Right on.
Bite on is extensively using in your eyesight,
then for Web scraping and textile processing,
selenium testing and then automation.
Not only these areas,
there are many more other areas as well,
but these are the major areas in which your fight on his popular see if bite on his popular
.
Then definitely it has some unique features.
Comfort toe,
other programming languages or stripping languages like so because of that only or fight on
is popular.
Then one of those white bite on is popular right.
Let me go through that.
The very 1st 1 is python is easy to learn because off its simple sin taxes.
See if you compare your fight on with other programming or scripting languages.
It is having very simple sin taxes,
you know,
if l very simple sin taxes,
then you can easily Lunder once.
If you learn it,
you can easily a play that for your real time scenarios,
right?
So that is one of the point to become your python as popular language,
then many models pre defined on third party models.
You guys,
in case if you know if you have some basic soft fight on,
then it's OK.
Otherwise,
just assume that model is nothing but pre defined Python programmer pie.
Transcript.
Right?
Just agenda.
Working with the database is a common scenario at your application development side.
No Suppose if you're going to develop some application on in there,
you need to write some court to connect with your database to run some queries with the
ordered abyss.
Right?
There is a common task.
That's why father task You don't need to write a court.
It's even know.
But if it is a common or replicate your task for that type off tasks.
Already someone has returned a python scripts,
and that is called.
Actually,
we are calling that as a model.
No,
you can use that model.
And Barrett Lee,
you can use that in your Application Development Corp.
Right?
So that you need to write your core from scratch to work with database.
So that means you're saving time sometime and you are going to reduce the number off lines
in your court.
Right?
So because off many models your part on its popular not only working with database there
are so many models for different areas I'm not sure whether you know or not as off no,
with your python,
they are our own one leg.
47,000 models are there.
But don't worry.
You don't need to learn all one like 47,000 models base run in which area you are
interested or in which area you're going to usurp.
Eitan.
Based on that,
we are you know,
some of the models.
That's it.
Right then.
Corland is very short because of third party models.
Just know we discussed that to work with data vase.
If there is no pretty pre defined by transcript,
what we have to do,
we are the right court from scratch.
But luckily,
if you have 1/3 party model for your requirement.
Then you don't write a court,
right?
You can use that badly so that you're going to reduce your colon.
Right?
Then platform in the Berlin Just a June dirt.
You're going to work as a suppose middleweight.
I mean,
right,
let's say in real where you're going to work as a Tomcat application admin.
Right.
And,
you know,
you can install your time,
get Oregon,
install and run and manage your time Get on Windows operating system as well as some UNIX
like systems.
Right.
You can install your time,
get on both orbiting systems.
I mean,
in different orbiting systems.
You can run you a tomcat.
Now,
assume that.
Yeah.
I want to automate some task on my tom get I don't know,
python.
Right?
So first observed window site.
If you're working at window side to want,
omit your task by the fold.
With your windows,
you have either batter skip on power shell.
You can use anyone off the scrip on.
You can automate your task.
But Sam Skip will not work at your UNIX like systems.
Then if you come to UNIX side again,
you're right.
Some separate shell script to automate your task.
See,
for the same task because off different platforms you're separating separate the scripts to
automate your task.
But if you know,
bite on,
you can write only one pipe landscape,
such that that script will work with your Windows operating system as well as your UNIX
like systems.
So this is the reason,
because off this,
we are calling Fight on East Platform independent.
No,
you don't need to write two different scripts to work with the different operating systems
,
right?
You can use only one script by transcript.
By then,
we'll work actually with the different operating systems.
Whatever their skipper,
you're going to run on one numbering system.
Same skip.
You can write with other offering systems as well,
right?
So because off this also pipeline is very,
very popular.
Fine,
then finally fight on is support.
I don't supports functional as well as oops concepts,
right?
That means not only by done guys,
if you go with any programming,
are skipping language.
If it supports functional as well as groups concert,
then definitely it is a good language.
Fight on is also one of that,
right?
Fine,
no coming to our courts structure I mean,
this entire course,
What we're going to learn on What is the sequence we're going toe learn python.
So you first,
we're going to cover core pipe on,
incorporate on.
I'm going to cover basic soap,
fight on models,
libraries,
packages and functions.
And then I will go on work with your hopes concert and while working with you or Corp Eitan
as well as I do want to fight on,
I'm going to explain this concert right with the real time practice so that you can apply
your concerts in your real them very easily.
Right?
So this is my course structure days.
So finally,
just I want toe you.
The information about you are a python.
Simply What is python fight on is a powerful multipurpose or general purpose programming
language and created by guru wondrous um,
multi purpose our general purpose programming.
That means,
But I thought you can use it in anywhere in your real time.
Simply,
you can use your python anywhere in your real time.
That's a and not only with your fight on,
if you go with any software.
Generally there are different questions,
even in part.
And also we have two types off worsens there.
Neurotics on critics again in cortex.
On third X,
we have some sub questions.
What,
you don't bother awards abortions,
right?
It's very simple to understand.
Fine.
Come back to neurotics on three or six night in three Codex.
Most of the outputs are like object,
but in critics that it will get your output.
Actually,
enhancer technique is there with your $3 X.
Anyway,
one more thing you got to remember after 2020 there will be no any further.
A noodle of men devoted $3 extra.
Two x After 2020 there will be no any further dollar print with the neurotics.
So that's why I definitely after 2020 right?
All of the organization's they're going to move with three R Tex on a gain in Theoretically
halted at 456 and seven Now the latest abortion with your creed or exercise to lord seven
dot exe.
Now it's better to learn 3.7 dot it's It may be any wash in two years,
so not one or three yards under two or three or four.
Something like that,
right?
So here,
as if no I'm going to take the stable washing in three headaches.
That is street art.
Sound art zero.
Right.
So this entire course,
I'm going to explain with the trade or 70 But what are this in Texas we're using while
explaining your played out $7.0 same syntax even use with your theory X questions,
right?
And also,
I'm goingto provide at the end of this course.
What are the major differences between neurotics and critics so that once if you good with
anyone of the scripting,
it may be too right xrt rid X After that,
if you learn what other differences between heretics and tear it takes,
then once you come to know that,
then you can easily work with a the heretics orthotics.
But my intention is it's better to learn three dot Exe,
because we are very near toe 2020.
So after they're definitely right,
major development major third body models will come with potatoes,
eggs only.
Right?
So that's the reason I'm starting the Rolex Washington fight on training.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this with you.